Answers to Csharp Questions:

Q: What is a namespace?
A: A namespace is a set of symbols or letters that is used to help organize various objects.

Q: What are value types?
A: Value types are the actual memory addresses that a given bit of data is occupying.

Q: What are reference types?
A: Reference types are types that store a reference to their data instead of the actual data itself.

Q: What is an automatic property and how is it useful?
A: Automatic propterties are used when there is no other logic needed when making a declaration. They are useful because they help programmers save code and work more efficiently.

Q: What is the purpose of using statement?
A: The using statement allows for the correct use of Disposible objects.

Q: What are dynamic type variables?
A: These are variables that dont require innitization when they are first declared.

Q: What is the purpose of the is operator?
A: The is operator is used to check if an obect is type compatiable with another given object.

Q: What are generics and how is using them useful?
A: This is the practice of writing code that is instantiated for certain given parameters.

Q: What is the scope of a public member of a class?
A: The scope is that any other object or item can access a public member of any class.

Q: Can you create a function that can accept a varying number of arguments?
A: Yes you can do this, It would involve use of the keyword "params"

Q: How do you sort an array?
A: You sort an array by starting in the first position of the array and checking to see if the value is higher than the item to its right. If it is higher than you swap the values. This is done throughout the array and by the end the array should be sorted from smallest to largest.

Q: What is a nullable type and what purpose does it serve?
A: A nullable type is a value that can be used in both value and reference data types. It is used to check if a given memory space is empty or not.

Q: What is an enumeration?
A: enumeration is a special type of data that contains a set of constants known as the enumerators list.

Q: What is inheritance?
A: This is a feature of objects that allows them to learn other behavior and data from other classes.

Q: Is multiple inheritance supported?
A: No, mulitple inheritance from different classes is not supported on C#.

Q: What is the purpose of as operator
A: This opperator is used to preform different conversions between compatiable data types.

Q: What is an object?
A: An object is an instance of a given class that has been created.

Q: What is the difference between a struct and a class?
A: The main difference between these two is that a class is reference type and a struct is a value type.

Q: What is the difference between continue and break statements?
A: The difference between these two is that, while they both serve the same purpose, after a contiune is called,the loop is run through 1 more final time.

Q: What is this and how is it used?
A: the keyword "this" is used to refer to the instance of a given class that is currently selected.

Q: What is try and catch and when are they used?
A: try and catch are blocks of code that are used to handle exceptions that occur in code. The "try" contains the execption and the catch trys to handle it.

Q: How is exception handling done?
A: This is done in four steps. The steps are try, catch, finally, and throw.

Q: What is finally and what is its purpose?
A: Finally is a keyword in C# and its purpose is to be used with a try/catch block. It is a block of code that 
   runs no matter what the condition of the try block is after terminiation.
   
List the differences between Array and ArrayList:

Array: 
can only store data of a single type
cannot change their size during an application's runtime.
are designated as "strongly typed" collections

Array lists:
can store data of many different types of data
can dynamically change its size during runtime
not considered a "strongly typed" collection

Q: What is an object?
A: An object is merely an instance of the creation of a class that has been defined within C#. It has its own values and is its own seperate entity.

Q: Define constructor.
A: A constructor is a specific method of a class. It creates an object of the same type with predefined values that are predertermined.

Q: When can var be used to declare a variable and how is the type for the variable determined?
A: var should be used when the user wants to use a local variable. This allows the compiler to automatically use and find the correct type for the variable.

Q: What is an abstract class?
A: An abstract class is a class where we only see the classes's main functionality. It is usually used to show that work has not yet been completed.

Q: What is an interface?
A: An interface contains the properties, events, and methods for a given group of functions. It is up to the class however, for the implementation as this is not in the interface.

Q: What is a method?
A: A method is a given code block that contains any statements. These statements are then executed by calling the method.

Q: What is a property?
A: A property is a created member in C#. It could be created by classes and structures. They utalize the use of accessors to read their data.

Q: What is an access specifier?
A: This is a term that referes to the access that a given object has to the objects around it. They declare what objects have access to certain methods or data as well.

Q: What access specifiers are supported and what do they mean?
A:  Public: no restrictions
    protected: access is very limited. Usually to the self contained class
    internal: Access is only limited to the current build. 
    private: Access is limited to the similiar type 
   
Q: What is a collection?
A: Collections are special classes in C# that are designated for the use of data retreival and storage.

Q: What is a Hash Table?
A: A hash table is a special class that contains a collections of various key and value pairs. These are best used when a key is needed to access elements.
    













































